- OFFICER: I found you by the side of the road...
...in the middle of nowhere.
Was there an accident?
(THUNDERING NOISE)
Did-did someone tried to hurt you?
(DOGS BARKING)
(GUN SHOTS)
How 'bout a name?
Someone I could contact?
You must have family.
Friends?
Someone who could tell me who you are.
(FLASH BACK SOUND)
- MAN: Hey!
- OFFICER: You don't talk much, do you?
Well, if you don't help me, I can't help you.
(SIGH)
We're getting nowhere.
(THUNDERING NOISE)
Is that a scar?
Is that recent?
(CAR ACCELERATING)
- MAN: You've got to stop them.
They have no idea what they're up against.
Tell them to wait until I get there.
Get back to them immediately, you hear me?
You've got to stop them!
Goddamn fools.
(OMINOUS NOISES)
- JODIE: I know...
They're coming.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
- OFFICER: Hold on! W-What's going on?
- MAN: The girl you brought in earlier. Where is she?
- MAN: Jodie, what have you done?